Summer, you were fine the other day.
How did you leave the hospital within a few days?
The body is so weak
Kidney surgery on a body like yours will kill you
Dr. Chan
My body is fine.
I can hold on.
I really need this money
You're looking for death.
Well, I'll let them know.
Donate in half a month.
Thank you, Dr. Chen.
I just need 400,000 money
Summer is almost up
What time is it? You're getting lazy, but Coco
The house is full of bacteria.
I don't know how to open windows for ventilation
Or are you just doing it yourself?
You are no longer a child in summer
Go to the doctor if you are sick
Don't pretend here
I'm up, please have brought Xiao Liu here.
How can people see you so sloppy?
Let you get up and pack yourself first
Clean up this room again
Dad?
You actually know why you played yesterday, right?
You clearly know that he made a life for me back then
Why is this still happening?
You slept with him in the summer
What's wrong with marrying him?
Have you ever thought about it?
If he talks about it
How can we behave in our family?
So I deserve it all, right?
If you don't want this house to become a bad cop
Better get out now
Clean the door
Now go out and let's sleep
Hey, hey, sleep, sleep.
You sleep all day.
Was it a pig in a previous life?
Don't want to see don't want to see
You roll up and hide outside for a few days
Come back when your mom is angry
Mom, I'm going out for two days
Come back in two days
Don't think I don't know what you're thinking.
If you don't get along well with Xiao Liu
Don't come back to my house in the future
And give me this 400,000 before you go
Otherwise you never want to leave this house
Hey, this card has 400,000
Now are we
If you have money, you 400,000 buy it
Won't you sell it again?
Please introduce the object to you well.
Why are you so cheap?
I went to buy and sell the kidney again.
Others rest
I work for money.
Let me owe you a thousand
uncle
Not a single break
i
Never went out for a meal with a friend
Because I'm afraid
I'm afraid others will find out the secret of my depression
And I eat dog food like a dog sniffing a gasping cat
There must be something ideal
The happiness and pain of others
You save me money.
Money is not less than a penny
You think the house is worth 20 million
I'll tell you what.
Your life is still given by me
Good mom I promise you
I will give you this life back